_pages/privacypolicy.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
August 1 2019

# Privacy Policy
Submissive a when owing much far bawdy thanks impolitely alas overlaid one and this one chuckled darn on more due much misheard amused far far the much purposeful that wildebeest dalmatian and piranha bluebird this and much despite however much sincere nonsensical this paradoxically more.

<br>

## 1.0 Information We Collect
We value user privacy. We do not currently collect or store any information from our users for the purpose of sharing or analytics, however some information submitted by users may be saved temporarily in network logs for security purposes.

### 1.1 Third parties
- The readily resume application uses third party LLMs for processing of your resume information.
To do this, we send the information in your resume to these third parties, we make no guarentee of the information that the third parties store or how it is used. Currently the app integrates with OpenAI for this purpose, please reference the [OpenAI privacy policy](https://openai.com/policies/row-privacy-policy/) to understand how they may use your data.

Commit message:

added website analytics and updated privacy policy to indicate that user sessions may be tracked

_pages/privacypolicy.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
August 1 2019

# Privacy Policy
Submissive a when owing much far bawdy thanks impolitely alas overlaid one and this one chuckled darn on more due much misheard amused far far the much purposeful that wildebeest dalmatian and piranha bluebird this and much despite however much sincere nonsensical this paradoxically more.

<br>

## 1.0 Information We Collect
We value user privacy. We do not currently collect or store any personal information from our users for the purpose of sharing. We may collect analytics for app usage, this usage is focused on app usage sessions (for example, a flow a user took to reach a specific screen, what buttons the user pressed that caused an error) other information may be stored but is never shared with 3rd parties or used for user tracking across services. Some information submitted by users may be inadvertantly stored temporarily in network logs for security purposes.

### 1.1 Third parties
- The readily resume application uses third party LLMs for processing of your resume information.
To do this, we send the information in your resume to these third parties, we make no guarentee of the information that the third parties store or how it is used. Currently the app integrates with OpenAI for this purpose, please reference the [OpenAI privacy policy](https://openai.com/policies/row-privacy-policy/) to understand how they may use your data.
